Young Master Yan
You said it.
It has nothing to do with you whether I divorce or not
So late
Where have you been?
Fu Tingchuan, we are divorced
It's not up to you where I go
We are not officially divorced yet.
You are still my wife
If you do something
Insulting the Fu family
It will discredit us.
Ah!
So that's what you care about
Your clothes.
You and Bo Siyan
I've been kidnapped.
It was saved by Yanshao
You were kidnapped
Are you all right?
You keep saying that I am your wife
You don't even know that I was kidnapped
Have you ever cared about me?
I'm tired, you can go
I'll get someone to change the locks tomorrow
Don't look for me without authorization
Qu Yan
I've been waiting for you for a long time today.
OK
So what?
I thought a lot while I was waiting for you
I think
Maybe we can get to know each other again